This visualization was concerned with answering the question of how the win percentages of the four
major Detroit sports teams (The Detroit Pistons, The Red Wings, The Detroit Tigers, and The Detroit
Lions) have changed over the last 40 years. Wikipedia was scraped for data concerning wins and losses
by season for each team. Any tie games were dropped from the analysis in order to provide a more
level comparison between the sports. A 10 year moving average was plotted to help the reader identify
any major trends in the team’s win percentages.

The plot indicates years of high win percentage for The Detroit Pistons around 1990 and 2005,
with periods of decline following both high points. The Detroit Red Wings’ win percentage shows an
increase in the 1990’s and stays high through the early 2000’s, with a downward trend in recent years.
The Detroit Tiger’s win percentage shows less variation than the other teams, hovering around 50%,
with it’s lowest win percentage in the early 2000’s. The win percentage of the Detroit Lions shows low
levels throughout the early 2000’s, with an increase after 2010.


The main goal of the visualisation was to compare house prices and crime rate of London boroughs and 
find out which borough in London had the lowest house price and crime rate in 2017. Crime and House price
data was obtained from data.london.gov.uk website in CSV and Excel file formats respectively. Borough
population data was obtained from citypopulation.de. All major/minor crimes were combined together to
get total number of crimes for each borough. An interactive graph is produced to help discover the best
borough for the user, since there is no one answer to our problem. There are boroughs which have 
low crime rate but high house prices, while there are boroughs which have high crime rate but low house 
prices. User can click on the interactive graph to get borough name the exact house price and crime
rate.

The graph is divided into four segments which are made using the line plots of average house price
and Crime Rate in London. The boroughs with less than average crime rate and less less than average 
house price are marked as green, there are 18 of these boroughs. Boroughs with less than average house
price but higher than average crime rate, and boroughs with more than average house price and less
than average crime rate were marked as orange. Lastly the boroughs with more than average house price
and crime rate were marked as red. There were boroughs which stood out the most, 'Westminister' and
'Kensington and Chelsea'. Both of these boroughs had unusually high house prices and crime rate.
Arguably the best boroughs were 'Barking and Dagenham', 'Bexley', 'Sutton' and 'Harrow', all of these
with very low house prices crime rate.